Update docs for Azure Secrets Engine new feature (#16537)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/azure.mdx

- `application_object_id` (`string: ""`) - Application Object ID for an existing service principal that will
  be used instead of creating dynamic service principals. If present, `azure_roles` will be ignored. See
  [roles docs][roles] for details on role definition.

> - `persist_app` (`bool: ""`) – Specifies where the created app should be persisted between runs of the credentials endpoint.

Reviewer: Suggesting changing the language slightly. Also, should the default value be `false` here instead of `""`?

```suggestion
- `persist_app` (`bool: false`) – If set to true, persists the created service principal application for the lifetime of the role.```

> Useful for when the Service Principal needs to maintain ownership of objects it creates

Reviewer: Second statement requires indentation:

```suggestion
  Useful for when the Service Principal needs to maintain ownership of objects it creates.
```
